Making faces
Now we must make these two
poses, which are supposedly the same,
be as similar as possible.
I will try to give that
feeling of inclination of the face.
The head has to lower much more.
We are going to throw a
guideline to make sure
that the two poses of the
faces coincide horizontally.
There is pretty good, we
can eliminate the guidelines.
Let's cheer up the
torso a little more.
We will move the torso to the
right when it starts to move.
And what we are
going to do in this case
It is to maintain a
single torso for everything.
We are going to change this
place, so we can stretch this image,
and it's the one we're going
to use for our second pose too.
We will take as
reference the one below,
since it is the design
that we initially thought
and we are going to adapt
this layer to that design.
Using Difference layer mode,
I can help myself locate
things where they have to go.
Since the torso will be the one
with the most continuous movement,
We want it to be a single layer.
It will avoid problems,
and we will make sure
that it moves smoothly.
It is almost there.
What I think he needs is to play
a little with the accelerations.
Let's give it a little more time
at the moment he blinks.
And let's give this
pose a bit of Overlapping.
I'm going to add a keyframe
to everyone we have animated.
And I'm going to
exaggerate this pose a little,
opening your eyes a little more.
And this is going to give an
acceleration with Ease In, but make it fast.
We are going to give a
little bounce to the head.
I make sure that all positions
have a linear spatial interpolation,
so they don't surprise
us with strange movements.
Something like that, very
soft, should already be fine.
There it was pretty good, the only
thing that looks weird is the hair
because we haven't encouraged him yet.
With the hair we will do
the same as with the torso.
Let's leave the one
below for reference.
I put Difference as layer mode
and I make sure that
in the final position
look as we had
designed in our styleframe.
There it is more or less.
The colors are very
crazy with this layer mode.
We could change the
idea of it being a zombie.
We carry our hair behind everything
and we will continue
tying the keyframes.
First, as a basis, I make
sure the times are fine,
and that the movement follow
the movement made by the head.
There we can give it a little bounce.
Once we made all the
necessary adjustments
and we gave
expressiveness to the hair, we can give
The head animation is over.
What we will do now is that the
face looks back to the other side,
because we are going to
cut with the diamond scene
which is on our left.
If we end the character
scene looking to the right,
We will think that the
diamond is on the right.
And that is not like that.
So, we can take advantage that we
already have this transition made
and do the same, but inverted.
Finally, we are going
to add a camera movement
That ends with a very high
speed to connect to the next scene.
Anyway, this kind of
resources to reverse the layers
I recommend that they use it
only when they are short of time.
I didn't want to extend
much with this, so I wanted
Recycle what we had already done.
But if they have time to
do it by hand, the better.
Finally, we can
finish this scene by adding
all camera movements and the
rest of the remaining animations,
Like the sparkle of the diamond
We are already moving a
little further with our animation.
Now we can move on to the next scene.